JS: Refactor `markdown-table` library modeling (#18964)
github/codeql: javascript/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-03-10-js-refactor-markdown-table.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Improved the modeling of the `markdown-table` package by replacing the QL implementation with a data model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the modeling of the `markdown-table` package to ensure it handles nested arrays properly.
```
It's best to focus on user-facing changes in these change notes and leave out internal details unless they are relevant for query writers.
